The Story:
What year did the business begin?  
How did you get the idea? 
Can you describe the business model in your own words - what services (or products) does the business provide? 
Take me through the flow of the order/process from start to finish and how you get paid.   
How did you grow it? 
How is the company structured (LLC, Inc., S. Corp, etc? 


Describe each of the owner’s backgrounds.  

Please include: What they were doing before joining or starting the company?  Which past businesses have they worked for?  List formal education, training, and skills.)


Executive Summary: 
What makes your business extremely attractive to a prospective buyer?  


What growth opportunities are available to the buyer to expand the business?



List the digital assets (websites, social media, etc)


Business Legal Name (include LLC, Inc., etc.)  and Address:
(Should be on the listing agreement.)
 
What is the estimated value of FF&E (Furniture, Fixtures, & Equipment)?


Owners full name and their ownership percentages:



Are there any trademarks or copyright associated with the business?



What is unique about the business?



What is the profile of the average customer/typical client?


Why is the business being sold?


Who are the top three competitors?


What are the business’ strengths?


Does the business have suppliers? 


How many suppliers does the business have and will the relationships transfer?  Please estimate what percentage each supplier represents.  


Describe the contracts/terms of the suppliers. (any contracts and payment terms net30, net60, etc)



Is it easy to replace suppliers if needed?



Does the business have recurring customers, or clients? 


How many recurring customers/clients does the business have and will the relationships transfer?  How does revenue by customer look - do a few customers make up a large portion? Does [broker] have a client concentration breakdown?



Describe the contracts/terms of the customers/clients. (any contracts and payment terms net30, net60, etc)


Is it easy to replace customers/clients if needed?

What is the typical lead time for inventory?

Do you buy local or import the inventory?


Where is inventory held?


How much inventory is on hand (at cost)? Is it included in the sales price?


How many SKUs, or services, does the company have?


What are the best selling SKUs, or services, and what % of total revenue do they make up? 


If E-commerce, What are the sales channels and what is the revenue split between them? (50% amazon, 50% website etc)


If Software business:
Can you give me stats like Customer Acquisition Cost, LifeTimeValue, churn, etc? 

Who does the development? [If the owner says they do the development] how much would it cost to replace them? 


Monetization: 
Does the business have seasonality? If so, please explain.



What is the average order value per customer?



How does the business compare in pricing with other competitors?



How does the pricing work (is it a set price per service/product, or a quote made up by someone, discount if buying large quantities, etc) 


By what methods does the business receive payments? 



Marketing:
In what ways does the owner market to find new clients? 
Has paid advertising been done? If so, what channels (Facebook, Google Ads, etc) and was it successful? Explain why or why not.  
Is there a customer email list & if so how is the list used (promotions, company news updates, etc)? How many email addresses are on the list? 
What regular SEO efforts are engaged?


Operations:
Describe the responsibilities of each owner during the average work week.  

For a buyer to replace you what should they expect for hours/week:

Describe each staff member. Please include if the staff members are full-time or part-time, if they are paid hourly or salary, and if they are contractors or employees (CIM team-put information in a chart for ease of reading Employee Chart for CIMS). 
Is there frequent employee turnover?
Is it difficult to find new employees? 
Are employees willing/plan to stay with the business after the new owner takes possession? If yes, which — if any — agreements/contracts are in place?  
Do you have an organization chart you can send?  
Are there any key employees?
Is there a General Manager?  If not, is there anyone on the team that could be promoted to General Manager if the buyer needed a GM?





Is the business site owned or leased? 
What is the square footage of the building? 
What is the cost of mortgage/rent per month?
If owned, are you interested in a leaseback? 
If leased, what are the terms and when does the lease expire?
